exceptional strength
exceptional stamina
average strength
poor speed
very good strength
exceptional dexterity
average coordination
very good dexterity
average speed
exceptional reflexes
poor flexibility
average dexterity
poor stamina
adequate coordination
poor balance
poor dexterity
poor coordination
very good reflexes
exceptional speed
poor agility
average reflexes
adequate strength
exceptional agility
adequate flexibility
average agility
average stamina
very good stamina
adequate agility
poor reflexes
exceptional flexibility
adequate balance
poor strength
adequate reflexes
adequate dexterity
exceptional coordination
average flexibility
very good flexibility
very good agility
very good balance
adequate speed
very good coordination
adequate staminapoor speed
very good stamina
exceptional stamina
poor agility
exceptional coordination
poor strength
average strength
poor balance
very good balance
exceptional speed
adequate coordination
adequate speed
adequate agility
average coordination
average speed
very good speed
adequate flexibility
average flexibility
average balance
very good coordination
exceptional reflexes
poor reflexes
adequate dexterity
average agility
very good agility
exceptional strength
average stamina
poor flexibility
very good reflexes
adequate reflexes
very good strength
exceptional balance
exceptional dexterity
very good dexterity
adequate stamina
adequate balance
poor dexterity
adequate strength
average reflexes
exceptional flexibility
poor stamina
very good flexibility
average dexterity
poor coordination
exceptional agility
very good stamina
poor speed
exceptional stamina
poor agility
exceptional coordination
poor strength
average strength
very good balance
poor balance
exceptional speed
adequate coordination
adequate speed
adequate agility
average coordination
average flexibility
average speed
adequate flexibility
very good speed
average balance
very good coordination
exceptional reflexes
poor reflexes
average agility
adequate dexterity
very good agility
exceptional strength
average stamina
poor flexibility
very good reflexes
adequate reflexes
very good strength
exceptional balance
exceptional dexterity
very good dexterity
adequate stamina
adequate balance
poor dexterity
adequate strength
average reflexes
exceptional flexibility
poor stamina
very good flexibility
average dexterity
poor coordination
exceptional agility
very good stamina
poor speed
exceptional stamina
poor agility
exceptional coordination
poor strength
average strength
exceptional speed
poor balance
adequate coordination
very good balance
adequate speed
adequate agility
average coordination
average speed
very good speed
adequate flexibility
average flexibility
average balance
very good coordination
exceptional reflexes
poor reflexes
average agility
adequate dexterity
very good agility
exceptional strength
average stamina
poor flexibility
very good reflexes
adequate reflexes
very good strength
exceptional balance
exceptional dexterity
very good dexterity
adequate stamina
adequate balance
poor dexterity
adequate strength
average reflexes
exceptional flexibility
poor stamina
very good flexibility
average dexterity
poor coordination
exceptional agility
very good stamina
poor speed
exceptional stamina
poor agility
exceptional coordination
poor strength
average strength
very good balance
exceptional speed
adequate coordination
poor balance
adequate speed
adequate agility
average coordination
average speed
average flexibility
adequate flexibility
very good speed
average balance
very good coordination
exceptional reflexes
poor reflexes
adequate dexterity
average agility
very good agility
exceptional strength
average stamina
poor flexibility
very good reflexes
adequate reflexes
very good strength
exceptional balance
exceptional dexterity
very good dexterity
adequate stamina
adequate balance
poor dexterity
adequate strength
average reflexes
exceptional flexibility
poor stamina
very good flexibility
average dexterity
poor coordination
exceptional agility
poor speed
very good stamina
exceptional stamina
poor agility
exceptional coordination
poor strength
average strength
poor balance
very good balance
adequate coordination
exceptional speed
adequate speed
adequate agility
average coordination
average flexibility
average speed
adequate flexibility
very good speed
average balance
very good coordination
exceptional reflexes
poor reflexes
average agility
adequate dexterity
very good agility
exceptional strength
average stamina
poor flexibility
very good reflexes
adequate reflexes
very good strength
exceptional balance
exceptional dexterity
very good dexterity
adequate stamina
adequate balance
poor dexterity
adequate strength
average reflexes
exceptional flexibility
poor stamina
very good flexibility
average dexterity
poor coordination
exceptional agility
poor speed
very good stamina
exceptional stamina
poor agility
exceptional coordination
poor strength
average strength
poor balance
exceptional speed
adequate coordination
very good balance
adequate speed
adequate agility
average coordination
average flexibility
very good speed
adequate flexibility
average speed
average balance
very good coordination
exceptional reflexes
poor reflexes
adequate dexterity
average agility
very good agility
exceptional strength
average stamina
poor flexibility
very good reflexes
adequate reflexes
very good strength
exceptional balance
exceptional dexterity
very good dexterity
adequate stamina
adequate balance
poor dexterity
adequate strength
average reflexes
exceptional flexibility
poor stamina
very good flexibility
average dexterity
poor coordination
exceptional agility
very good stamina
poor speed
exceptional stamina
poor agility
exceptional coordination
poor strength
average strength
poor balance
exceptional speed
adequate coordination
very good balance
adequate speed
adequate agility
average coordination
average speed
average flexibility
very good speed
adequate flexibility
very good coordination
average balance
exceptional reflexes
poor reflexes
adequate dexterity
average agility
very good agility
exceptional strength
average stamina
poor flexibility
very good reflexes
adequate reflexes
very good strength
exceptional balance
exceptional dexterity
very good dexterity
adequate stamina
adequate balance
poor dexterity
adequate strength
average reflexes
exceptional flexibility
poor stamina
very good flexibility
average dexterity
poor coordination
exceptional agility
very good stamina
poor speed
exceptional stamina
poor agility
exceptional coordination
poor strength
average strength
exceptional speed
poor balance
adequate coordination
very good balance
adequate speed
adequate agility
average coordination
average speed
very good speed
adequate flexibility
average flexibility
very good coordination
average balance
exceptional reflexes
poor reflexes
average agility
adequate dexterity
very good agility
exceptional strength
average stamina
poor flexibility
very good reflexes
adequate reflexes
very good strength
exceptional balance
exceptional dexterity
very good dexterity
adequate stamina
adequate balance
poor dexterity
adequate strength
average reflexes
exceptional flexibility
poor stamina
very good flexibility
average dexterity
poor coordination
exceptional agility
